feat: Believable asset tracker shadows (#14)
nRFCloud/device-simulator-v2: README.md

Reviewer: I just noticed, please change line 160 to what it actually says now:
```
connecting to "mqtt.nrfcloud.com"...
```

  -o, --device-ownership-code <deviceOwnershipCode>  PIN/ownership code of the device (default: "123456")
  -m, --mqtt-messages-prefix <mqttMessagesPrefix>    The prefix for the MQTT for this tenant for sending and receiving device messages (default: "")
  -v, --verbose                                      Output debug information

>   -t, --asset-tracker <assetTracker>                 Type of asset tracker. "mss" or "atv2" (default: "atv2")                             

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -t, --app-type <appType>                 Type of device application. "mss" or "atv2" (default: "atv2")                             
```

  -o, --device-ownership-code <deviceOwnershipCode>  PIN/ownership code of the device (default: "123456")
  -m, --mqtt-messages-prefix <mqttMessagesPrefix>    The prefix for the MQTT for this tenant for sending and receiving device messages (default: "")
  -v, --verbose                                      Output debug information

>   -t, --app-type <appType>                 					 Type of app type. "mss" or "atv2" (default: "atv2")                             

Reviewer 2: type of app type?
🤷
